The Joe Rogan experience.
Listen, it was a long time coming. It's it's just,
I'm I'm happy that it happened now. Cuz if it, if it didn't happen,
it would've been something else. I would've been in a grave. Yeah.
Or somewhere else who the hell knows where they would've put me.
When did you start? I've been, I've been fat my whole life.
I've been thinking out losing weight for a long time for probably about.
30 Years. But when did you start losing weight? When last March, last March.
So right around the pandemic. Right? Literally.
Right when it hit my brand new baby and my wife,
they were gonna go to Columbia to show the child, you know,
you have to show the child to the family. And it was around March 10th.
We get to the airport. <affirmative> some sh they,
they wouldn't let my dog get on the plane cuz they didn't have the,
the air conditioning didn't work in the, in the gal or whatever that is.
So we turned right back around and went home and that's the day hit the fan.
I was supposed to go on tour a week. Right after that, everything done.
I knew it was all gonna be done. <affirmative> I was talking to my agent.
He was like, yeah, this gonna be fine. Don't worry.
They're gonna still do the show in Hawaii. I was like, nah, watch this.
gonna be done. So bottom line is why why'd.
You think everything was gonna get shut.
Down? I don't know. I had a feeling. I just had a,
I had a feeling that this was just bigger than what it was. Hmm. You know,
than just it, it just seemed fish just seemed fishy. Yeah.
So pretty much. I mean to get the dog onto the plane,
we had to put her on the scale cuz she was a little overweight.
What's overweight for a dog.
I'm not really sure. I think she looks.
Great. What is overweight for a dog though? How do they decide that?
Like I used to have a dog that was 140 pounds. Was he overweight?
I don't think so. She just jacked. This is <laugh>. That's all.
I think if you're at a certain weed, just Jack, this dog is an English set.
Supposed to have a little waste and listen, she lost it a little bit.
She lost herself. She's living in Brooklyn now. You know,
she's not back where she's from exercising.
It's different.
Yeah. She's eating different foods. Right? Her metabolism changed. Right.
So I don't blame. So I, I dealt with it. She's fed.
I feel her.
And then I started losing weight cuz of her because we both got on the
scale and I was like, what the is going on?
What was the highest Three 80 something? Oh yeah.
It was despicable. I didn't look it though. Holy. I looked about three 50.
<laugh>
A round ball of meat. A meatball. Yeah. How was a meatball? Well,
what was your.
Health like? Like what did you, what did it feel like walking around like that?
Cuz that's this is the thing, man. Um,
people love to talk about like fat shaming. Yeah.
And I know it's not good to make people, people feel bad, but you have to.
But that you have to shame me. I was shamed into this for sure.
It's unfortunate that you have to make people feel bad to start getting them to
change.
But sometimes whether it's a person doing that to you or you just looking in the
mirror and you feeling bad, that that feeling is just reality.
That's what that feeling is. Like you can't fat shame a skinny,
you can't fat shame. Jamie. No, he's not fat. Right. So if you said, Hey Jamie,
you're fat. Like it doesn't work doesn't mean anything.
It only means something when it's real and it's an indulgence thing.
It's not it's it's not a thing that you can't control.
It's a hard thing to control. It's a hard thing to bounce back from.
And that's what I'm most impressed with you. You've you've really bounced back.
You've lost 130 pounds man. And we, we had a good workout today.
We went over to the honor gym. Yep. Shout out to my man. John Wolf. Yes. John.
Wolf's the master. I love him. How good.
Is he? I mean, I I've watched him and now that I met, I met him.
It's like all the pieces came together today. For me, he's.
One of the most knowledgeable trainers I've ever worked with in my life.
He's amazing. He, and it's not just like meathead stuff.
It's all about mobility and flexibility. There's no nothing meathead.
Nothing. I mean he can obviously lift a lot of weight. Yeah. He showed us,
he could do the 106 overhead press with like nothing. Yeah.
But it ain't about that. It's about being able to it's fluidity.
It's about to be a it's about using your body and using your muscles in a
functional manner. Yeah. Not just.
Earth. He's he's all about longevity and he's all about range of motion.
His whole thing is about having, you have like the full mobility of your body.
It's all these flexibility things that we did. The things that we did,
all that stuff and it's all to strengthen into joints, stabilize your shoulders,
stabilize all your joints. And he he's just so good. So amazing.
The tree workout that we did. Yeah. I was soaked <laugh>. I was so before.
We started it was great. It was unbelievable. You're very strong though. Man.
You're really strong. It was, it was interesting to watch you do it.
Like I can see like over this past year, you know, you've gotten your body to a,
a really good place where you know, you haven't just lost weight by dieting.
You've been lifting weights. You've been exercising and pushing sleds. And I,
I watch your Instagram man. You're doing some wild for sure.
I mean, I, these are the things that I always wanted to do.
I always knew I could do this. I played football in high school and I actually,
I excelled in practice. Like I liked doing that. I liked drills.
I like having an aim the game. Yeah. It's fun. But I like the practice stuff.
Right. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
And I started losing weight by myself, in my house.
Literally during the pandemic, just eating different. My wife,
she was shaming me because yes she was because we have a brand new child.
She's like, what you you doing? You don't wanna be around here for our baby.
Like you, you wanna take yourself away from us. Right. And that hit.
That's real. It, it hit.
Hard. That's a real thing. And not only that, like I love life.
There's no doubt about it.
I've I've been going so fast for the past 10 years that,
and really enjoyed myself. So this forced,
this forced stoppage allowed me to really reassess my happiness
and I've regained everything. You know, it's not just work, work,
work. Next thing. Next thing. Next thing of course, I'm an artist in my mind.
There's always all over the place. I'm always thinking about something,
you know, but this slowed me down.
It allowed me to spend every moment with my brand new child, you know? Yeah.
It's, it's, it, it, it was something that I didn't know I needed,
but I needed that. Yeah. I needed it. And,
and to gain my health, like in this, in this manner, man, it's like you said,
I wasn't, I don't wanna just lose weight.
People could get the surgeries and all that that ain't, for me, I'm a worker.
The problem with the.
Like hard work, the surgery can help people. But it also,
it messes you up and here, one of the things that have, I've seen it,
it diminishes your ability to absorb food.
You can't have as much food and it's harder for you to absorb nutrients. I.
Would never do that. Yeah. That was just never in my cards. It was never for me.
Good for you. Yeah. Hell no, because I knew I did this to myself. Yeah.
I have to fix it. Yeah. And I'm dedicated, you know,
like I was talking to my boy like me and CE Easter Saba were friends and I was
talking to him for a while.
We were just text back and forth cuz he was a fat BA too.
And he changed his up and we would just talk about how we want be jacked.
We just want be, we want to get, you know, strong and.
And he put me onto my trainer that I was working with Dave Pino and
Dave is kind of, you know,
he's like an old school meathead from the Jersey shore. And I love that.
So we clicked. Yeah.
Because it could have met somebody else and it wouldn't have clicked. Right.
You know, like I've worked out with other people, but it just wasn't.
I almost don't wanna let him down, you know? Right. Like he's a.
Like he's in the Sopranos or some <laugh> I swear. It's maybe it's in my mind,
but I have to, but it works that way. Right? I know. Yeah.
He was showing me all, he's like Joey Diaz,
but jacked <laugh> I swear that's who he is. That's what I was thinking about.
I was like, yo, that's who this guy is exactly him.
He has the stories of the shore.
He used to bounce all the clubs with the Fanny pack and the,
I don't wanna mention what else, but you know, listen, it, he,
he put me onto different types of training.
He didn't just start me off with meathead stuff. We did the sleds.
We did the torturous, the skier, the, all that,
the stepper. Oh my God. The, that is torture, but I love it.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for,
for Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.